There are a number of ways you can become an Emby Premiere member.
 
* **PayPal** - On the Emby Media web site you select the option you wish to purchase and click the "Checkout with PayPal" button.  This will take you to a PayPal login form where you can complete the purchase process.  If you purchase a monthly subscription, the recurring payments will be completely under your control from within your own PayPal account (recurring payments section).
* **Direct Credit Card Payment** - On the Emby Media web site you select the option you wish to purchase and click the "Pay with card" button.  This will produce a form where you will need to provide a valid email address (very important as this is how you will receive your key) and your credit card information.  This form is completely secure and none of your credit card information is ever passed through or stored on our servers. If you purchase a monthly subscription using this method, then your Emby Server configuration dashboard will have the option to initiate a cancellation process (via email confirmation) if you ever wish to cancel.
* **Within an app** - Some Emby apps will allow you the option to purchase a monthly subscription from right within that app.  If you use this option, you will manage your subscription through the normal mechanisms of the account for that particular device (e.g. iTunes, Amazon or Google account).  Some of these options may have additional charges due to the costs of the platform involved.

To purchase Emby Premiere using either PayPal or a credit card directly, please see the [Emby Premiere web page](https://emby.media/premiere.html).